Update link titles (#1335)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/extend/modular-resources/examples/_index.md

---
title: "Modular Resource Examples"
linkTitle: "Examples"
childTitleEndOverwrite: "Modular Resource Example"

> description: "Tutorials and repositories with examples of configuring modular resources."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Tutorials and repositories with modular resources configuration examples."
```
